1.  Calculate the sunrise and sunset for a particular date given a latitude and longitude. The code should be in literate programming format in the C language.  The time should be Pacific Standard time.

2. Test the code using the latitude and longitude of San Diego, California. for the date January 31, 2026.

3.  Use the previously generated code sunrise.w as the base for further development.

4. Generate a bash script to run the program with Latitude and Longitude of San Diego, CA, and date
of 2026-01-31.

5.  Calculate the minutes for sunshine and sunset to four decimal places (floating point).

6. Create a Makefile to extract the documentation and C code and to generate PDF documentation from the
TeX code, and compile the C code into an executable.

7. Calculate the total sunshine for the day to four decimal places.

8. Output the total sunshine in hours and minutes, with minutes to four decimal places.

9. Allow the user to select Pacific Time, or Alaska time (Anchorage, Alaska).  Automatically adjust
for standard time or daylight savings time based on the input date.

10.  If no timezone given on the command line, assume pacific time zone.

11. How come when I enter the command "/usr/local/bin/sunrise 61.2181 -149.9003 2026 02 03 A", I do not
get a valid response? (Dumb error.  Forgot to copy file to /usr/local/bin.)

12. Add another option for UTC as the timezone.

13. Generate a bash script to run the program with the date varying from today until the summer solstice for San Diego, California.

14.  Write a bash script to check if the docker daemon is running on my Mac Airbook, and if not, then start it.

15.  In the documentation create a glossary defining astronomical terms like  aberration, mean anomaly, equation of center, and orbital eccentrity.  Link to the terms in the glossary when the terms are used in the documemtation.  Create figures or diagrams to make the concepts clear.

16.  Create the PDF file from the source file, sunrise.w, using the Makefile.  Correct for any error found in the process.

17.  Add the following additional words, with their definitions clearly explained, to the glossary:

     literate programming
     solar declination
     hour angle
     atmospheric refraction
     zenith angle
     timezone
     julian day
     NOAA solar calculator spreadsheet algorithm
     solar mean longitude
     solar mean anomaly
     equation of center
     true longitude
     right ascension
     UTC
     Zeller's congruence

18. Make sure the glossary is alphabetized, and the glossary terms as used in the code documentation are
placed in the index.

19.  Besides outputting the sunrise and sunset that is calculated using the NOAA algorithms, also compute the sunrise and sunset assuming the sun is a point source, and that there is no atmospheric light refraction.  

     
     
